Collate and list resources about the dockershim removal (#31528)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/dockershim-removal/topics-on-dockershim-and-cri-compatible-runtimes.md

---

> title: Topics on dockershim removal and CRI-compatible runtimes

Reviewer: (nit) Should be title case. Eg
```suggestion
title: External Articles on dockershim Removal and on Using CRI-compatible Runtimes
```
?
